chore(pricefeed)-add-solana-anchor (#522)
pyth-network/documentation: pages/price-feeds/troubleshoot/svm.mdx

# Troubleshoot Solana Price Feeds Contract

This reference page is designed to help you troubleshoot common issues you may encounter when using Pyth Price Feeds on SVM chains.
Follow the steps provided below to diagnose and resolve the issue.

> ### compilation error[E0277]: the trait bound PriceUpdateV2: anchor_lang::AccountDeserialize is not satisfied

Reviewer: This doesn't display very nicely in the preview

> ### compilation error[E0277]: the trait bound PriceUpdateV2: anchor_lang::AccountDeserialize is not satisfied

Reviewer: I feel like this needs more context i.e. this errors happens when you're building a program with [pyth-solana-receiver-sdk](https://crates.io/crates/pyth-solana-receiver-sdk)

This error is caused by an `anchor-lang` version mismatch.
Make sure the transitive version of `anchor-lang` brough by [pyth-solana-receiver-sdk](https://github.com/pyth-network/pyth-crosschain/tree/main/target_chains/solana/pyth_solana_receiver_sdk)

> matchers the version of `anchor-lang` of your programs `Cargo.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matches the version of `anchor-lang` of your program's `Cargo.toml`.
```

You can fix it by following steps:

> - Check the version of `anchor-lang` in your `Cargo.toml` (in the example `0.29.0{:js}`) call it `x.y.z`

Reviewer: why did you remove the links to https://github.com/guibescos/anchor-pyth/blob/broken-build/programs/anchor-pyth/Cargo.toml

- Check the version of `anchor-lang` in the `pyth-solana-receiver-sdk` tree in `Cargo.lock` (in the example `0.30.1{:js}`) call it `a.b.c`
- Run `cargo update -p anchor-lang@a.b.c --precise x.y.z{:bash}`
  replacing `a.b.c` and `x.y.z` by the versions in the previous steps. For example:\

>   `cargo update -p anchor-lang@0.30.1 --precise 0.29.0{:bash}`

Reviewer: this displays weird: 0.29 is blue  and 0 is orange
